register DeMo_user1 DeMo_pwd1 a
register DeMo_user1 DeMo_pwd1
register DeMo_user1 abc
register DeMo_user2 DeMo_pwd2
register DeMo_user2 abc
register DeMo_user3 DeMo_pwd3
register DeMo_user3 abc
register DeMo_user4 DeMo_pwd4
register DeMo_user4 abc
register DeMo_user5 DeMo_pwd5
register DeMo_user5 abc
register DeMo_user6 DeMo_pwd6
register DeMo_user6 abc
register DeMo_user7 DeMo_pwd7
register DeMo_user7 abc
register DeMo_user8 DeMo_pwd8
register DeMo_user8 abc
register DeMo_user9 DeMo_pwd9
register DeMo_user9 abc
register DeMo_user10 DeMo_pwd10
register DeMo_user10 abc
register
register a
register a b c
exit
